[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road,
a graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict.
This fight's startin' to
get super exciting now, huh?
I'd say a 50,000 man brawl
is the perfect time to
take them for a test drive.
Test drive?
Did you say "them"? Them who?
The Sunny just got
two brand-new weapons.
Big ones! Do you
guys wanna see 'em?
[BOTH]
Yeah! Of course we do!
Three-Sword Style...
[ZORO]
...Black Rope Tatsumaki!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE EE]
This is sick!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE FF]
It's a sword hurricane!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE GG]
Run, you're gonna get cut!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE HH] How long
is this thing gonna last?!
Until you get to Hell.
What the--? He's gone! Huh?
[SANJI]
Ha, ha! Sky Walk!
Awesome! Sanji can
walk on air now!
[SANJI]
Diable Jambe.
Poele a Frire-Spectre!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[HORDY growls]
You can send a 100,000,
or 10,000,000 guys after us.
But every single one of them
is going down, you hear me?!
[LUFFY] "Unveiled! The Secret
Weapons of the Sunny!"
[shouting, yelling
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
Ha! [growls
[LUFFY]
Hah!
[JIMBEI growls]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[JIMBEI snarls]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Heh.
[SANJI growls]
Don't think you can
show me up, Moss Head!
Yeah? Try to stop me!
[yelling]
[screaming]
This is not a competition.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G snarls]
--[grunts]
--[JIMBEI] Hmm?
--[groaning]
--[bones cracking]
Ah!
Just ignore them.
They act like this every time.
[JIMBEI sighs]
Man. I was really hoping
they'd have grown out
of this stupid
macho act by now.
As long as everyone's
fired up, it's all good!
Time to take
them out for a spin.
Now that's what
I'm talkin' about!
Wait, you mean the new weapons?
You know I do! Follow me!
[CHOPPER]
I'm so excited!
Hey! Wait up!
[PAPPAGU] Hang on! Don't
leave me out here by myself!
[BOTH panting]
You're crowding me!
Ah! Then go away!
You've done enough damage--
it's time to die!
[BOTH]
Shut up!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H groans]
They're way too strong.
Huh...?
[gasps]
What did you say to me?
Huh?
[groans]
The humans are
"too strong" for you?
[whimpering]
You call yourself a Fishman?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H]
Captain...! [groans]
I'm sorry, sir! Please!
What kind of soldier
whimpers and cries?
What kind of fishman
is afraid of humans?
Get out of my sight!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H groans]
[HORDY]
Tch.
Didn't I tell all of you
to kill Shirahoshi already?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES growling]
[yelling]
[PAPPAGU] This place is
awesome! Nice digs!
[USOPP grunts, gasps]
Something looks different.
What did you do, exactly?
[FRANKY]
Heh.
[NAMI] There wasn't a
Five or Six before!
She's right! And it looks
like Zero's gone now!
[USOPP grunts]
I remodeled!
After some serious renovation,
I was able to turn
Zero into Five and Six.
[BOTH gasp]
Compartment Four
used to be empty,
but it holds one of
the new weapons now.
And the other one is
tucked away in number Five.
That's enough talking!
I wanna see the new weapons now!
[FRANKY chuckles]
Keep your pants on, bro.
[PAPPAGU grunts]
[FRANKY] Though you
might need a fresh pair
after you lay your
eyes on these!
[ALL gasping]
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
Sweet!
Let's get this
over with already!
Artillery Unit!
[DOSUN]
Take aim and kill Shirahoshi!
[BROOK]
Yo-ho-ho-ho!
Actually, I have a better idea!
How about instead,
we leave the world's
most lovely mermaid
princess alone, huh?
Now here's some party music!
[violin playing]
[gasping]
[music continues]
What's going on?
Why'd it get dark?
[BROOK whooping]
Welcome, all,
to this festival night!
[gasping]
What the--?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[ANIMALS crying]
[gasping]
Uh, this is...
...amazing!
Well? Would you like to dance?
[laughter]
[ALL laughing]
[chuckles]
I guess it was all a dream!
That big fight we were having.
[BROOK] Now. It's time to
set off the fireworks!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES whooping]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE J] I ain't
had this much fun in years!
[laughter]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K sighs]
[DOSUN]
Huh...?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE J]
It's beautiful!
Hey! What the hell
are you guys aiming at?
Just kill her!
Yeah, but...
...we can't.
We're enjoying
the festival too much!
Cut! Sorry, party's over.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh...?
Quinto Tierce. Fantasia!
--[slashing]
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
[DOSUN]
Uhh...
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
Ganging up
together to intimidate
a poor defenseless princess.
You call yourselves men?
[ROBIN]
Mil Fleurs.
[gasping]
Gigantesco Mano.
Legs?!
And stomp!
[yelling]
Sorry!
[CHOPPER] There's a lot
of screaming goin' on.
[PAPPAGU]
Is that good or bad?
It's way too cramped
for us all to be in here!
Then why don't you get out?
You're not even interested
in the weapons anyway!
Because if I go outside,
I'm gonna have to fight!
I don't wanna be
stuck out there, either!
Franky! Can we hurry
this up a little, please?
[FRANKY]
Heh, heh!
You can't rush greatness, kid.
But, fine. Let's do this.
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE O yells]
--[LUFFY grunting]
Actually, I'm getting
pretty excited now, too.
That's great,
but you can you move?
I'm supposed to
operate this thing!
[grunting]
[PAPPAGU, CHOPPER gasp]
[NAMI gasps]
It got bigger!
Why couldn't it
start out this way?
[engine revving]
It's showtime!
There ain't nothin'
stopping this unveiling!
Can't wait!
Yeah, but for what?
Let's rock and roll!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
Venom Squad, get in there!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Q]
It doesn't matter how big
yer legs or arms are!
'Cause you ain't gonna be
nothin' but a dead woman
once we get our stingers in ya!
[FRANKY]
Well, in that case!
[ROBIN]
Hmm?
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[FRANKY]
Soldier Dock System!
Channel Four!
[engine revving
[FRANKY]
Heh!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE BB]
The door opened up!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE CC]
Now's our chance
to destroy their ship!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
--[gasping]
--Launch Black Rhino!
It's F. R. U Four!
[FRANKY]
Soldier Dock System!
Channel Four!
[engine revving
[FRANKY]
Heh!
[gasping]
Launch Black Rhino!
It's F. R. U Four!
[yelling]
[FRANKY]
Heh!
A motorbike! So cool! I want it!
--I want it! I want it!
--That's one tough machine!
--I want it!
--And stylish, too!
Let's see this venom of yours!
He's comin' right at us!
You can try stinging it
if you really wanna!
But this monster's
made of pure steel!
[gasping]
[screaming]
[FRANKY] How was that,
on a scale of one-to-super?
Someone stop that guy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T] I got
'im! Time for steel on steel!
Just leave it to me, boys!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T] C'mon!
You're not scared, are ya?
[FRANKY]
Heh!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T growls]
[FRANKY growls]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T screams]
[FRANKY]
Heh!
[CHOPPER]
Hiii!
[FRANKY]
Hah!
The new number! Channel Five!
Brachio-Tank Five is here!
[CHOPPER screams]
No way! A dinosaur! For real!
Give me one, too!
You guys see that
perfect shot I made?
Yeah, but I don't
think you're using this
to its full potential.
Man. And here I thought Franky
was just a shipwright!
[CHOPPER whimpers]
Attention! Hop to!
I'm Commander Chopper!
We have enemy bogies
inbound off our nine o'clock!
Fire!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[CHOPPER sobbing]
You're so cool!
Hey, you need to fight, too!
[FISHMAN A]
This is crazy.
I mean, they didn't
look this tough!
There's only ten of them,
but they're taking on
a hundred-thousand
like it was nothing at all!
Do you think
they can pull it off?
I sure hope so.
Right now, they're
the only hope we have.
If they can't save us,
no one will.
Go, Straw Hat! Beat those guys!
We believe in you!
You're doing great! Keep it up!
Just a little more!
When you win,
you can eat as much food
as you want at my restaurant!
[FISHMAN K] I'll give you
free drinks at my bar, too!
[FISHMAN L]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN M]
We're counting on you!
[FISHMAN N]
Get 'em, Jimbei!
This has gone on too long.
Rise! My Kraken!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[FISHMEN murmurin]
[screaming]
[SURUME growls]
[screaming continues]
[HORDY]
Heh!
No...
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE U groans]
--[JIMBEI growls]
Whoa! It's huge!
[USOPP whimpers]
You have ten targets.
Kill the humans!
Go! Crush them!
You heard me!
[SURUME roars]
[FISHMAN G]
They've got a kraken?!
No! That's cheating!
[FISHMAN H]
Watch out!
[screaming]
It doesn't matter how
strong the Straw Hats are,
they're all goners if
they get smashed
by those giant tentacles!
Yeah! The Kraken
always does whatever
Captain Hordy tells it to do!
And it's strong as hell!
[laughs]
They don't have a prayer
against our deep
sea wrecking ball!
[ZORO]
Hmm?
Oh, hey. It's that thing.
[SURUME growls]
What are you waiting for?
[SURUME grunts]
Get to it.
Seeing as I am the one
who dragged you here
all the way from the North Pole,
that makes me your master.
So kill them already!
[SURUME grunts]
Or I kill you.
[growls
[screams]
[SURUME growls]
Wait, can't we talk about this?!
[screams]
[CHOPPER]
Ah! Fall back!
So, uh... Do you think
that's the same one?
If there's a whole bunch
of those things out there,
I don't want to know.
Wait.
You guys have met the kraken
before and you're not scared?
I wonder if he's
uncomfortable out of the water.
[SURUME growls]
[LUFFY]
Oh, hey, Surume!
[SURUME gasps]
Don't tell me you
can't see me down here!
It's Luffy!
[SURUME growls]
[LUFFY]
Huh? Stop fooling around.
You wouldn't forget
your old pal, right?
Come on! You were
my pet for a while!
You and I are buddies!
[USOPP] I think we're
about to get pounded!
[WADATSUMI grunts]
[LUFFY] All right,
he learned his lesson.
Enough!
[SURUME growls]
[WADATSUMI groans]
[LUFFY]
Good boy!
[SURUME chuckles]
[NAMI]
No kidding!
And you tamed the kraken,
just like you said.
I thought you were nuts!
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
If that goopy dude can have
a sea monster pull his ship,
then we can have
Surume pull the Sunny.
Right, pal?
[LUFFY]
Let me ride on you again!
[chuckles]
[SURUME growls]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
It got him!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy, no!
[JIMBEI]
Hmm...?
[HORDY]
Heh.
[LUFFY laughs]
That tickles! Hey,
knock it off, Surume!
[SURUME laughs]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[LUFFY chuckles]
Yeah! All righty!
Let's get moving!
[SURUME roars]
[LUFFY chuckles]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE DD]
The Kraken has betrayed us!
[screaming continues]
Kraken! Knock it off!
You stupid octopus!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[chuckles]
Crush 'em! All right!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Z groans]
Captain... Help me...!
[LUFFY]
Go that way, buddy!
[SURUME roars]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AA]
Damn it! What's going on?!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AB] It's
doing everything Straw Hat says!
But why?!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
Listen up, Surume!
I want you to stay here
and protect Weepyhoshi.
[SURUME grunts]
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[CHOPPER giggles]
[BROOK]
Yo-ho!
[FRANKY chuckles]
I can't believe you managed
to ingratiate yourself
to the Kraken. It seems
no matter where you go,
you always befriend the
highest caliber allies.
Think so?
Um...
Thank you very much for lending
us your power, Surume!
[SURUME chukles]
[gasping]
[HORDY growls]
[LUFFY] There's still
a lot of these guys left.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[LUFFY]
All right! Bring it on!
[NARRATOR] Franky's weapons
find a surprising foe
in Hordy's tiniest
follower, Daruma.
Setting a trap for
the rampaging Straw Hats,
the New Fishman Pirates take
command of the battlefield.
However, Chopper and Franky's
mechanical masterpiece
both have new transformations
in store that can only be
described as "super."
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Iron Pirate!
Here Comes General Franky!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!